Cfg: Add support to reset admin password at startup (setting: `reset_admin_password_at_start`) (#73687)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/setup-grafana/configure-grafana/_index.md

### admin_password

The password of the default Grafana Admin.
Default is `admin`.

> In Grafana < v10.1, only set once on first-run.

> > In Grafana v10.1+, behavior depends on `reset_admin_every_time_run`. When `reset_admin_every_time_run`=`false`, only set once on first-run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In Grafana v10.1+, the behavior depends on the `reset_admin_every_time_run` value. When `reset_admin_every_time_run`is `false`, the password is set once on first run.
```

### reset_admin_every_time_run

> > Only available in Grafana v10.1+

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Available in Grafana v10.1+
```

> Reset the admin user and admin password every time start grafana server. Default is `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Resets the Grafana Admin user and password every time the Grafana server starts. The default value is `false`.
```
